as the cubs grow bigger it becomes
harder to bottle-feed them so at this
age the Paget not tried to feed them
from balls to do that
the orphans need to be weaned on to
solid food what is that Molina catcher
uses fortified semolina porridge it's
packed with essential nutrients and mmm
this is something I could eat the
porridge is watered down to begin with
to help with the transition from bottle
to ball catch and I will feed the Bears
one at a time because learning to ball
feed can be dangerous for the Cubs if
they put their noses too far into the
balls they can accidentally inhale the
food leading to pneumonia which can be
fatal
we start with Shara the largest but
least developed Cup
we want Jorah to associate the ball with
food so before we put it on the floor we
give him a little taste of the porridge
[Applause]
[Music]
sure is doing incredibly well he was the
best couple that we were most worried
about Ariane and Stan accompanies by
planks so rearranged is coming up his
headstone he's mastered feeding from
boom
Joris development has been slower than
the others but now he's the first to
learn how to feed from a ball and he's
starting to walk unsteady but his floors
a bit slippy so is maybe not the best
surface issue his skills that's exactly
what we want to see
it's a huge relief to see genre walking
but there's no time to celebrate with
five hungry Cubs to feed the other
orphans get to grips with ball feeding
but women baby bears is as messy as you
might imagine
[Music]